Maya + Unreal Build scripts (Win/Linux) (#15)
ynput/ayon-usd-resolver: README.md

	- Hou 19.5.900
	- Hou 20.0.590
	- Hou 20.0.630
    - AyonUsd23_5_py39 (System Python install)
- Windows 10
	- Hou 19.5.805
	- Hou 19.5.900
	- Hou 20.0.590
	- Hou 20.0.630
  - AyonUsd23_5_py39 (Pyenv-Win)
 
## Download the repo and its submodules:  
    ```
    git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/ynput/ayon-usd-resolver.git

    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```

## Pre-build / Self Compiled

- AYON will provide some pre-built versions of the resolver in the future.

- Those versions will be the pre-built binaries that our tests created, so you might not find your software/platform combination.  
- It's also to be expected that resolver builds are behind new software releases.  

## Prebuild

- Prebuilts aren't available as of right now.
  
## Self Compiled

## Core concepts 

> 1. Currently, we only support Houdini and AyonUsd for building revolvers (other software packages and stand-alone setups will follow).

Reviewer: Maybe we should rephrase it (because of Maya and Unreal)?
```suggestion
1. Currently, we only support specific set of DCCs and their versions, and AyonUsd for building revolvers (other software packages and stand-alone setups will follow).

```
